Add FAQ document (#13)
flashinfer-ai/flashinfer-bench-starter-kit: FAQ.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

Last updated: March 12, 2026

---

## Submission & Evaluation

**Q: How do I submit my solution?**

> Create a starter-kit repo (one per track), push a git tag (`git tag submission-v1 && git push origin submission-v1`), and if your repo is private, grant read access to **flashinfer-bot** (Repo → Settings → Collaborators → Add people). We evaluate the most recent tag in each repo. When a track has multiple definitions (e.g., GDN decode + prefill), place each submission in a top-level subfolder named after the definition name.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a starter-kit repo (one per track), push a git tag, and if your repo is private, grant read access to **flashinfer-bot** (Repo → Settings → Collaborators → Add people).

Different approaches (`full-agent` or `agent-assisted`) should be in different repositories. For one approach, if there are multiple tracks (i.e., multiple definitions, e.g., GDN decode + prefill), place each submission in a top-level subfolder named after the definition name.
```

**Q: DSA currently only has decode shapes. Will there be prefill?**

Yes, both decode and prefill shapes will be available.

**Q: Track C — HuggingFace dataset uses qk4_v8 but the website uses qk16_v32. Which to target?**

Please target the specifications on the contest website [mlsys26.flashinfer.ai](http://mlsys26.flashinfer.ai). The qk4_v8 in the HuggingFace dataset is an earlier version and may be updated.

**Q: Is FlashInfer available for sm120 / Blackwell Pro 6000?**

The competition targets B200 (sm100) only. sm120 support is outside the scope of this competition.

**Q: My kernel produces no trace (len trace = 0) when running on Modal.**

If the kernel fails to run or does not pass correctness checks, no trace will be generated. Check the log file for error messages (use the `--log-file` parameter).

**Q: I'm getting "Failed to fetch" errors when uploading to Modal.**

This is an intermittent network issue on the Modal platform. Please retry.

**Q: When will implementation baselines (GDN, DSA, etc.) be released?**

Implementation baselines for all kernels will be provided in a subsequent update.

> **Q: What's the difference between the agent track and the agent-assisted track?**

Author: ```suggestion
**Q: What's the difference between the full-agent track and the agent-assisted track?**
```
